There are different terminologies which are used around the Java development and we don't want you hear
things like JDK Jerry JVM What does this and what's the difference between each one of them.
That's what we will discuss in this next question.
When you talk about a job program what are the different things that you would do you'd want to compile
Java programs.
So that's one.
So that basically you would want to be able to compile the Java code create the class files or create
the jar files and things like that.
The second thing you would want to typically do is to run programs.
So you'd want to be able to take a Java class file and prime it or take a jar file and run it.
So that's the second thing you would want to be able to do.
Third thing you would typically do is alter debug programs right.
You'd want to check why something is not working so you'd need if there's a performance problem you
would want to check if what's going wrong.
How much memory is consumed and things like that so that debugging problems or debugging programs those
are the three things that you would typically want to do when you're talking about Java programmers
think it from the perspective of the consumer.
So there are two types of people who use the Java programs right.
One is developers what the developers want to do.
They would want to compile the code and run the code and the other kind of consumers are the users.
So who wants to just use these Jowler programs.
So these guys don't really care about running the I mean they don't care about compiling the programs.
They only want to use the compiled thing so they want to be able to run the Java programs that have
to play a game or something of that kind.
But why Jawa has two different things that are typically used JDK and Jerry JDK is the job of devlopment
kit is the jargon term and we adornment.
So if you want to run any compiled Java code then all that you would need is the Jedi.
If my friend doesn't have a game and he gives me a jar file to run that all that I would need is the
jobber on time and we are argument because I don't want to compile and things like that I don't want
to debug.
But if I'm interested in developing our programs then I need the JDK.
So basically you can think of Jedi as the are meant to run Java programs.
So Jedi's typically consisting of at the base level or JVM Java Virtual Machine.
As we discussed earlier Joel machine kind words the bytecode into executable code.
So that what the JVM does along with it.
The Jedi contains a list of libraries.
Java comes up with a list of different library classes you have a lot of classes in our class.
You have a lot of collections and a lot of other classes which are pleasant in Java.
So you need all of them to be able to run the Java programs.
So Jerry would contain basically the JVM plus all the libraries which are associated with Dauer JDK
in addition to DGT.
It contains the tools that developers would need to adjudicate Jowers devlopment kit and JDK would contain
things like the Java Sea.
That's basically to compile your code and you have your jar thing.
So you want to create a jar file so you use the jar and you have different debugging tools like performant
things and things like that.
So that's basically the get basically to run our programs.
You need Gerry and to develop Jallow programs you need JDK.
Each one of these is a superset of the other.
So Geddie contains JVM all the gifts contain Jerry.
So that's basically JDK was this JVM was very.